feat(provider): add-request-to-credentials-authorize (#1979)
nextauthjs/next-auth: www/docs/providers/credentials.md

  If you throw an Error, the user will be sent to the error page with the error message as a query parameter. If throw a URL (a string), the user will be redirected to the URL.

> Credentials provider `authorize()` method also provides request object as second parameter `req` (see example below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Credentials provider's `authorize()` method also provides the request object as the second parameter (see example below).
```

Reviewer: Found some additional places where the docs should be updated:
- https://next-auth-git-fork-igordanchenko-feat-add-request-t-297b00.vercel.app/providers/credentials#example-code
- https://next-auth-git-fork-igordanchenko-feat-add-request-t-297b00.vercel.app/tutorials/ldap-auth-example

      username: { label: "Username", type: "text", placeholder: "jsmith" },
      password: {  label: "Password", type: "password" }
    },

>     async authorize(credentials, req) {

Reviewer: Found some additional places where the docs should be updated:
- https://next-auth-git-fork-igordanchenko-feat-add-request-t-297b00.vercel.app/providers/credentials#example-code
- https://next-auth-git-fork-igordanchenko-feat-add-request-t-297b00.vercel.app/tutorials/ldap-auth-example

Author: Updated these docs in a separate commit
